(car engine revving)
(pings)
(muffled static)
Georgia (V.O.): Sweetheart.
this is gonna be
a whole new life for you.
I know it can seem
a little overwhelming.
but we're gonna take
such good care of you.
It's gonna be a whole new world
for us and for you.
Have you ever seen water
before like this?
Don't worry. We're gonna be here
with you every step of the way.
We love you so much.
(chuckles. exhales)
Look. Ally.
It's your new home.
(unsettling static)
(clapping)
Ten years.
Where does the time go?
I mean. it seems like yesterday.
Georgia and I were blessed
with the gift of this amazing.
smart. beautiful little girl.
Before Ally.
we thought that we were happy.
but really our lives
were just beginning.
We love you. Ally.
Happy sweet 16.
Happy birthday.
-Here.
-Thanks. everyone.
So what's next?
I assume the biggest party bus
is waiting out with the Molly?
Al. stick to the Red Bull
and vodka. huh?
-Like I'm some lightweight.
-(phone ringing)
I wonder
which boyfriend this is.
-Hm.
-FaceTime call from your mom.
-Hide the crack.
-Okay.
-Hi. Grandma.
-Actor: Grandma?
Geez. you forget
to wear sunscreen one day.
Ally? Hello?
You still there?
-Yeah--
- Sorry to interrupt.
I hear the Brauns throw
a notorious party.
so I won't take up
too much of your time.
How are you doing. Ally?
I'm (chuckles)--
Your parents told me
you're a fan.
so I thought I'd wish you
a happy birthday.
see how you're doing.
Have fun. Ally.
but not too much fun.
(smooches)
I cannot believe
that just happened.
What can I say?
I mean. I'm a man of some...
influence and resources.
as is your mom.
I mean. not the man part.
but you know what I mean.
God. I can't believe
he saw me like this.
Now I'll never break up
his marriage.
Oh. you can always be
his side piece.
Yeah. His lupus-ridden
side piece.
Oh. so that's your edge.
Okay. Party's over.
Yeah. Thanks for coming.
I want you to know
it touches my heart
that you all took a moment
from cleaning and gardening
to come stuff your face
with cake and guzzle champagne.
You are very welcome.
Miss Ally.
Happy birthday to me.
(skin ripping)
(gulps)
(keyboard clacking)
(AI's voice) Hello.
I'm happy to hear from you.
What would you like
to talk about today?
What's the greatest way
to make friends?
Making friends
can be daunting sometimes.
but often rewarding.
Here are a few tips to help you.
Find people
that share your interests.
clubs based on your hobbies.
sport teams.
or volunteering for a cause
you're passionate about.
Strike up a conversation
with a stranger.
even if it feels uncomfortable.
Ask questions.
share something personal.
and always be a good listener.
Okay.
Also. I bet a good way
to get duct taped
and dragged
to the back of a van.
... attend events. take classes.
or explore your town.
What if you can't
leave your house?
How about online communities?
Find forums for gamers. writers.
baseball card enthusiasts.
-bronies--
-No.
I'm talking
about real human contact.
You're absolutely right.
While online connections
can offer valuable support
and engagement.
nothing quite replaces the
warmth of actual human contact.
Have you thought
about getting a pet?
Allergic.
W hile cuddly furballs
might be the first image
that comes to mind.
the world of animal friends
is wonderfully diverse.
Some alternative options.
A fish aquarium can be
both mesmerizing and calming.
Invertebrates.
hermit crabs or snails
-can be surprisingly engaging--
-Enough!
Shut up.
(panting)
♪ unsettling music ♪
(device whirring)
(device whirring stops)
(water splashes)
(muffled water gurgling)
(water gurgling)
(muffled chatter)
(dramatic sting)
♪ suspenseful music ♪
(gasps for air)
Georgia: Ally!
This way!
Ally. come. come. come!
Ally!
♪ dramatic music ♪
(coughs)
Jesus. Ally!
(coughs. exhaling)
I don't know how many
times I have to tell you
to know your limitations.
I'll be more careful.
♪ mystical music ♪
(over speaker)
Elysium. the new frontier.
A libertarian utopia.
An agreeable climate with an
abundance of fresh spring water.
This is the future.
You will be the survivors
when other places are
uninhabitable
from cataclysmic weather events.
environmental disasters.
social upheaval.
and failing government.
Party Guest 1:
This where the facility is?
Yeah. We've just broken ground.
What country is it in?
That's the best part.
Elysium is a completely
sovereign state.
It's an island sanctuary
whose infrastructure uses
the latest technology
to serve its core focus:
public health care
and poverty initiatives--
Georgia: Hi. Thanks for coming.
Jeff: There she is.
(distant chatter)
Is everyone
enjoying themselves?
And where is our lovely guest
of honor this evening?
Oh. well. sadly. there are
too many germs down here
for my Ally to fight.
What if we wore masks?
You have hazmat suits
in your limos?
And the last thing
my baby girl wants to do
is hang out and schmooze
with us old folks.
She is 16 years old.
so we're in full blown
teen rebellion mode.
I can't wait
to have one of my own.
(mocking) You look ravishing
this evening. Sylvia.
Are those new breasts?
(gasps) My. these old things?
I've had them for weeks now.
(over speaker)
You are the point 001%.
Elysium will even have
our own currency.
separate from the volatility
of the modern financial markets.
You don't have to worry about--
Somebody ordered
room service out there?
(over speaker) ...research
and medical facilities.
organically farmed food.
and clean water.
You and your loved ones
will have safety and comfort
on an elite island paradise.
Boys?
♪ up-tempo music on stereo ♪
(clanking)
(sizzling)
-(seagulls squawking)
-(guitar strumming)
Alpha Kid:
Yo. Hey. incoming.
Pack it up. people.
Stoner kid:
No. no. no. Wait.
It's good.
Just some old lady.
Hello. Hi.
Anything we can do
for you. ma'am?
I'm good. I'm good.
What's up?
Nothing much.
I just--I live up there.
Oh. sweet.
Party central.
Yeah. We're having a benefit.
or my parents are.
It's like a black tie dinner
for a super high-tech island.
Yeah. That's cool.
So you guys just like
hanging out or something?
Yeah. Actually. we were actually
just taking off.
We're just--
-Okay.
-Stoner kid: Come on.
Alpha kid: Yeah. and enjoy
your party or whatever.
I will.
Thank you.
I think I caught something off
that troll.
My skin is crawling.
I'm so dumb.
(female voice) Want a beer?
-What?
-Sorry.
I--I didn't mean to scare you.
It's fine.
you just surprised me.
Toss me a beer. call it even?
You got it.
-♪ up-tempo music on stereo ♪
-(footfalls)
(knock on door)
Ally. honey.
I wrestled the last piece
of sponge cake
away from the vultures.
(knock on door)
Ally?
Honey?
(formal chatter)
Hey. Where is she?
Find her.
(sighs)
Parents in prison.
Total racist.
Bipolar.
In and out of institutions.
If these are your friends.
I do not wanna make
your enemies list.
Oh. they're not my friends.
Well. she was.
and then she started dating him.
and now she just brings me along
as some weird power play.
I am totally
gonna binge-watch
the shit out of this show.
(coughs)
-First beer?
-Shut up.
Security Guard 1 (O.S.): Ally!
Shit.
-Aw. shit.
-Ally Braun!
What is it?
I'm fine.
My condition requires exercise
and fresh air.
Security Guard 1 (O.S.):
And yet. you left the premises
without notifying anybody?
That was a poor choice
on my part.
We need you to come with us.
Now.
I appreciate the concern
and your professionalism.
but as you can see.
I am spending time
with my friend.
Um...
-Brooke.
So you can tell
the concerned party
that I'm fine
and I'll be home when I'm ready.
In no world is it okay for you
to put your hands on me.
I'm sorry. miss.
but your mother is insisting
that you be near your medication
at all times.
-Go. seriously. I'm--
-I said I'm fine.
-I'm not going--
-(security guard clears throat)
(coughing)
Security Guard 2:
Hey. this is private property.
-Let me see your phone--
-Fuck you. pig!
Security Guard 2:
Come here. you little shits!
Stoner kid (O.S.):
Try it. fascist!
-Security Guard 2: Hey! Hey!
-(Ally coughs)
Jesus. Ally.
And we found her on the beach
having a beer with this one.
You were drinking?
I can't believe
that you would do that.
It was one lite beer.
Excuse me. who are you?
Do you have any idea?
She is extremely sick.
You put her life at risk.
-Come on.
-Mom. stop.
Georgia:
Did you give her money?
Ally: No. I don't have any.
Mom. please!
I can't believe
you would be so stupid.
You are immunocompromised.
Do you want to die?
This beach rat could have
any number of diseases.
Okay. Easy. lady.
Her name is Brooke.
Goodbye. Brooke.
Nice meeting you. Ally.
-Follow me on Insta?
-She won't. Thank you.
Tell them not to hurt her.
They're not gonna hurt her.
Don't be so dramatic.
They're giving her
a ride home.
Ally. what has gotten into you?
(insects chirping)
♪ eerie music ♪
(flames crackling)
You're right. I could have
handled that better.
Well. one can't excel
at everything.
Well. that might be
the most hurtful thing
you've ever said to me.
Mm.
This impulse to explore.
it's only gonna get worse.
Teens. hormones.
the caged animal yearning
to be free.
So what?
Better locks?
Or we throw a big juicy steak
in the kitty's cage.
♪ somber music ♪
Ally: (sighs) What's the point?
♪ unsettling music ♪
(birds chirping)
(door latch clicks)
Your father and I
were talking about social
and interpersonal interactions
in regards
to adolescent behavior.
Huh?
I can see how
physical interaction
may be beneficial
to one's social. mental.
and physical health.
Mom. sometimes you sound
like an AI chatbot.
Studies have shown
that human contact
lowers stress hormones
and blood pressure.
I just ask
that you take it easy.
Don't overexert yourself.
Brooke (O.S.):
What's up. loser?
Your health is important.
but with that.
I suppose so is making friends.
Thank you. Mom.
No beer.
Not until the school
work's done.
-You got it.
-At any time.
Have fun.
-Thank you.
So this is. um...weird.
I know. right?
My parents are usually
very overprotective.
They. like. never let anybody
into our house ever.
I only had to piss in a cup
and have my DNA analyzed.
So she's paying you
to hang out with me?
You're like a pity whore.
(chuckles)
We really prefer
the term pity escort.
-Oh. okay.
-Brooke (O.S.): Okay.
-Sure.
(laughter)
(Georgia speaking Russian)
What's that one?
Oh. that's my parents' office.
We're not allowed in there.
They're really strict about it.
I'll show you my room. though.
Jeff: At this stage.
Georgia and I
are much more focused
on our foundation.
International Quality of Life.
The hospital in Malawi
was just a start.
We believe we can improve
quality of life
on an international scale.
It's because we see untapped
potential in all people.
no matter their background.
It's how we want
to spend our second act.
Finding those people.
giving them new opportunities.
new lives.
♪ upbeat music ♪
Brooke (O.S.):
Hey. I brought you something.
Ally (O.S.): What?
Okay.
Brooke: How do you feel
about being a blonde?
(Brooke chuckles)
Ally (O.S.): Oh. wow.
(laughter)
-♪ upbeat music continues ♪
-Brooke: Oh. it's so good.
(muffled laughter)
(laughs hard)
You look so good.
♪ upbeat music continues ♪
Ally (O.S.): Stop.
(laughter)
Brooke (O.S.):
Are your parents Russian?
No? Why?
Because I heard them
speaking Russian.
Oh. my father
sells international real estate.
and my mom. well.
she speaks six languages
and runs a multinational
biotech firm.
And looks like Miss America.
Yeah. the company finds plants
that cure illnesses.
Brooke (O.S.):
Real health nuts. huh?
Yep. They adhere to a very.
very strict eating regimen
of limited calories.
Dad. 1.977 a day.
and mom. 1.550.
All vegan. and they only eat
between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.
for optimal digestion.
Well. those do look delicious.
All right. let's have you
julienne these carrots.
Ally (O.S.): Okay.
Although that
is gonna be kinda hard
with just a soup spoon.
Knives. Margita?
This is too dangerous
for Miss Ally.
Got it.
You know. you should really
be wearing your bike helmet.
These floors are slippery.
Ha-ha. Hysterical.
Margita (O.S.): You girls
make sure to clean up when done.
-You got it.
-You won't believe how clean.
(chuckles)
(knife thuds)
What?
Do you trust me?
Uh. Not sure. Why?
Not that you
haven't always been...
-a vision of loveliness...
-Please.
But you could use
a little more expression
on your face.
What do you think?
Can I?
♪ somber music ♪
♪ somber music continues ♪
You okay?
Gorgeous.
(kisses)
What did you bring
into our house?
(scoffs)
She has a friend.
That is a good thing.
Seems like a little
more than just a friend.
don't you think?
I'm sorry.
I do not trust this girl.
-(game chatter on laptop)
-(distant dog barking)
-(door thumps)
-I'm back.
Hello? Thought you were gonna
clean this place up?
That backpack looks light.
I'm guessing you didn't snag
the silverware.
Yeah. well. I feel bad stealing
from the Brauns.
The voice of the
proletariat sentencing itself
to an eternity
of being bled dry.
They've been nothing
but nice to me.
Hypnotized by the 1%
and their shiny promises.
-Oh.
-(backpack clatters)
You know. they've got
like a thousand pills.
They won't miss
a few painkillers.
but I couldn't get much.
There's cameras
all over that house.
I spent the day
scouring the internet
and can't find shit.
Not a single pic
of Jeff and Georgia Braun.
Nada. No driver's license.
no ugly yearbook photo.
no paparazzi runway shots
of the "Elitist filthy
rich-Misanthrope Gala".
Okay. that's a little weird.
but why would billionaire
philanthropists care
to scrub their images?
No. those are to sell
and pay off the gas bill.
You're right.
I'll get to it.
Until then they stay with me.
Good job. sis.
(whispers) Dumbass.
♪ eerie music ♪
(indistinct whispering)
(man speaking in Russian)
(dramatic sting)
(muffled chattering in Russian)
♪ unnerving music ♪
(muffled whispering)
(rope squeaking)
(gasping)
(coughing)
You gonna be okay there?
Robbie (O.S.): I think.
Yep. I'm dying.
(coughs. vomits)
(phone ringing)
Okay. it's Ally.
Ask her the name
of the goddamn poison that I--
(coughs)
Brooke (O.S.):
Hey. loser. what's up?
It was terrifying.
The walls were checkered
and I could feel the tubes
in my arms sucking my blood.
Well. maybe your room
is infested with mosquitoes
or vampires.
And I may have peed
the bed a little.
There's no way
I'm going back to sleep.
Can you come over?
Mm. Do I get the side
with the wet spot?
Look. I can't.
My brother's not feeling well.
How about I stay
on the phone with you
from the comfort of my nice.
dry mattress?
Boo. I thought you being
my paid companion
meant you come running
the second I snap my fingers.
That would be a slave.
(chuckles)
I am offering to stay
on the phone with you all night.
Be grateful.
You're right.
Sorry.
(Robbie coughs. vomits)
I miss you.
I will see you tomorrow.
Or today. I guess.
Jeff (over phone):
Hey. honey. What's up?
We made a mistake.
This needs to end now.
What are you gonna say?
You'll only make it worse.
She's gonna get hurt.
Damn it. Jeff.
I should've never let you
bring in a stray.
Relax.
Everything will be fine.
Evil Dead or Re-Animator.
No. no horror.
Especially after that nightmare
I had last night.
No way.
What do we have here?
Home movies featuring the young
and talented Miss Ally Braun?
I said no horror.
(CD player whirrs)
(chuckles)
Jeff (over recording):
This is it.
Today's the day
we become parents.
Look at your mom.
This was ten years ago?
Ally: Mm-hmm.
She looks exactly the same.
It's incredible.
She have a lot of work done?
No. She just takes really
good care of herself.
Jeff: Almost there. you guys.
Georgia (over recording):
Check it out.
Your very own beach. baby.
You are gonna have so much fun.
Look. Ally.
It's your new home.
Brooke: Oh. look.
There's you. There's you.
You're so adorable.
Yeah. I think this might be
the very last day
I didn't feel like shit.
Georgia:
For our little princess.
may she forever reign
over her kingdom by the sea.
You know. I was doing some
reading on your thing. on lupus.
What do you want to know?
Jeff: Where did she go?
Wikipedia says it's
most common from ages like
fifteen to forty-four.
Yeah. I was six
when the doctors confirmed it.
I was one of the lucky ones.
You and I have
very different definitions
of what lucky is.
Georgia: Ally? Sweetie?
What happened
to your real parents?
My birth mother died
of eclampsia.
It's a seizure
that pregnant women get
usually during delivery.
but sometimes like me.
right after.
And no clue
on who my father is.
That sucks.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Then again. you could have some
piece of shit dad like mine.
Don't you ever see him?
Yeah. maybe every two
or three years.
depending on good behavior.
And your mom?
Paranoid schizophrenic.
Really?
Yeah. Your mom speaks
six languages.
-and mine has six personalities.
-(Ally chuckles)
Last I heard. she was trying
to take down the deep state
from some redneck's camper
in Montana.
I don't trust either
of those losers.
Georgia: You cannot take
your eyes off her
for one second. (indistinct)
Do you trust yours?
Jeff: She's not hurt.
but she's fine.
Georgia: Oh. my god.
Do I trust the people
who spend millions of dollars
and every waking minute
trying to find ways
to restore my health?
Yeah.
I see your point.
but...
you can never really know
what someone's motives are.
You mean like
a complete stranger
who I might meet on the beach
who takes money from my parents
to hang out with me?
Ally. come on.
You gotta admit
they act kind of...
strange and creepy.
And I'm what. their freak?
No. Why would you say that?
That's not what I'm...
Just forget I said anything.
No. No. please go on.
What else about us
creeps you out?
I think I should go.
Yeah. maybe you should.
I'll call you later.
Whatever.
Jeff: She's in the gym.
Georgia: Ally. sweetie.
We know it's very strange
and confusing.
but we have been waiting for you
for so long.
And all we wanna do is make you
comfortable and happy.
Okay? Okay.
♪ eerie music ♪
Jeff (O.S):
I saw Brooke storm out of here.
You guys get in a fight?
Ally: Turns out I'm not
the best judge of character.
Jeff: Mm.
You wanted to make a connection.
We don't always get it right
the first time.
But there won't be other times.
I mean. right?
I gotta be realistic.
With all the experts and pills
and tests and stuff...
I'm not getting any better.
I'm pretty sure I never will.
(sniffles. sobs)
(panting)
(insects chirping)
(tablet beeps)
♪ unsettling music ♪
(dramatic sting)
(tablet beeps)
(woman speaking Russian
on phone)
(tablet beeps)
Um. hello.
Um. can I help you
with something. ma'am?
No. thank you.
I think you may be
in the wrong house.
Who are you looking for?
You.
-(dramatic thud)
-Old woman: Gimmee. Gimmee.
-Get off me! Get off!
-I need it! I need it!
I need it!
-HELP!!!
-(skin squelches)
Oh. God!
I need it! I did it!
Give me! Give me!
Ally: Get off me.
Security Guard 2: You okay?
Get her out of here.
-(sobs)
-I gotta have it!
Please!
Give me. give me. give me.
I gotta have it!
Sorry. honey.
She looked like
she was really sick.
I'm sure the poor thing is.
We are getting new locks
on that gate pronto.
I mean. I think
she has a disease
like me or cancer or something.
Well. the doctor's
coming over later today
to check you out.
-Okay.
I wasn't saying
she had rabies or anything.
Well. you know.
you never know.
I mean. these beach vagrants
can't get any medical care
whatsoever.
That's why your father and I
are so passionate
about the Elysium Project.
She didn't dress
like she was homeless.
This is Malibu.
Something was really weird
about her.
Weird. you say?
The cannibalistic old woman?
No.
No. it's just...
she acted like she knew me
or she wanted to know me.
Well. look at you.
Making two friends in a month.
And they both got a bite.
Hm. Well. you are very tasty.
(chuckles) All the beach girls
just wanna be my bestie.
Yeah.
Ally: Yeah.
You okay?
Yeah.
(voice on laptop) For lupus
you take. like. prednisone
and immunosuppressives.
This is mostly hydralazine
with a Terbinafine kicker.
The first pill you gave me
is an antihypertensive.
the second one's an anti-fungal.
What would that do?
In the long term?
-Turn you into a vegetable.
-I knew it!
-You could've killed me!
-No. no. no. Seriously.
Why would the doctor
or her parents
give her something like that?
(laptop beeps)
-Brooke: Where'd he go?
-That's it.
The Velcro Baron only
promised us two minutes.
Jesus. where'd you find
that weirdo?
Deep Web.
He's legit.
(phone trilling)
Ally (over phone): Hey.
this is Ally. Leave a message.
-(phone beeps)
-Brooke (over phone): Hey. Ally.
I know I don't deserve
another chance.
Your mom didn't make a mistake
when she brought me
into your home.
Sorry I screwed things up.
If you could.
please let me try and fix it.
(distant clank)
♪ uneasy music ♪
Brooke wants
to cook us dinner tonight.
She's awesome in the kitchen.
It's your call.
I have a late night.
Are you sure
that you're okay with that?
Maybe she was just
having a bad day.
Or maybe she was showing you
who she really is.
Ally (O.S.):
I'm not perfect either.
I beg to differ.
Look. I get it if you don't
want her around anymore.
but...
I just don't think
she has a lot of friends.
Like me.
That big heart of yours
is going to get you
into a heap of trouble.
Okay.
(phone pings)
Yes. Yes!
Needs salt.
Ally (O.S.): What do you think?
Muy hermosa.
Gorgeous.
Thank you.
What's that for?
Margita likes
to have her dinner breaks
while overlooking the ocean.
Is that so?
How romantic.
Sí. es muy romántico.
(footsteps receding)
(chuckles)
Seems they're best pals again.
I don't like it.
It's one night
and after the incident.
Ally needs it.
It'll make her happy
and we're in the
making-Ally-happy business.
Speaking of which.
when are you back?
Round eight.
Apologize. please.
that I can't be there
and give the girls my best.
Will do.
Love you.
(distant waves splashing)
(sips)
So. what do you think?
It's quite delicious.
See? I told you.
(sips. slurps)
Brooke.
I know sometimes I can come
across as...tough.
And to get
to where I am in life.
sometimes I have to be.
And I can understand
how you may feel
that my parenting style
is overbearing
and unfair to Ally--
Mom. nobody thinks--
I don't want you.
either of you.
to think of me
as a mean prison warden who...
Um...
what I'm trying to say is I am--
I'd like to be your friend.
Brooke.
Mrs. Braun.
(soft groan)
I want you to know
I really appreciate
the trust you've shown
in letting me
into your home and all.
Hm.
And I really do care
about Ally.
-Ally: You know...
-(clears throat)
You--you mean a lot to us too.
Um. I think something's wrong.
(exhales)
Remember when we first met.
you were convinced
I was a drug dealer?
It's pretty insane. huh?
Ally: I don't know what--
I feel.
You f--
(thunder clapping)
(thunder clapping.
rain pattering)
What happened? Where--
Brooke: I know how this looks.
but it was my only choice.
How did I get in your car?
Where--where's my mom?
Drugged her.
You too.
But I had to get you
out of that house.
They're making you sick.
God. Let me out.
I didn't know what else to do.
You have to believe me.
We're going back to my place.
Your parents--they aren't
who you think they are.
You're a fucking psycho.
-Ally. stop.
-Let me out.
I'm trying to help you.
I lo--
(car smashes. window shattering)
(exhales)
(distant clatter)
(footsteps approaching)
Hey.
♪ uneasy music ♪
Where's Ally?
I...
I call the police.
No. no.
She's right. Margita.
We have people.
(heart monitor beeps)
Nurse:
Doctor. CAT scan results
show swelling
in the front temporal lobe.
Dr. Morrissey:
Give it a couple hours.
If nothing changes.
move her to C&T ward.
You need to look at this.
doctor.
Dr. Morrissey:
Has this been verified?
Nurse: Three times.
Can we even get this
from our bank?
No. We're trying
to locate a match.
Maybe San Francisco.
She has an extremely
rare blood type.
She has a highly unusual
polymorphic phenotype.
The kind of thing usually seen
with multiple transfusions
or autoimmune disorders.
Jeff (O.S.): I'm sure you saw
that she has lupus
and some other health issues.
Ally's under private
medical care.
The best in the world.
Dr. Morrissey (O.S.):
I'm thinking something
in Ally's phenotype
may be responsible
for the misdiagnosis.
If I'm correct.
her treatment for lupus
is exacerbating her symptoms.
I can run a battery of tests--
Jeff (O.S.):
We'll have our own physician.
The transport's on the way.
They'll have some
of her blood type on hand.
Now what can you tell me
about this other girl?
The driver?
Dr. Morrissey (O.S.):
I'm afraid she's unresponsive.
Maybe you can help.
I'm told we're having trouble
finding her family.
Jeff (O.S.): I already have
my people working on it.
(clanking and clattering)
You can't do this.
Yeah? Go on.
Call the cops.
This is what happens
in the real world.
The rich get away
with whatever they want.
and the rest of us don't matter.
You matter. Robbie.
You and your sister
are on our radar now.
Come anywhere near the Brauns.
and we'll make sure you stay
off the grid completely.
(laptop cracks)
(clatters)
What the fuck?
Thanks for not
pressing charges.
Well. it's not a story
any of us want getting out.
And that young lady
has enough problems.
To say the least.
I can't trust anyone.
Hey. you can count on us.
That's right.
We will do anything
and everything to protect you.
She doesn't have anyone
looking out for her.
Ally. stop.
She poisoned you.
I'm not excusing it.
I just wanna know
that she'll be okay.
We will keep tabs
on her progress.
But as far as you having
any further contact with Brooke.
that is not happening.
You can agree that's
for the best. right?
-Okay. Come here.
-Yeah.
(heart monitor beeping)
Robbie: You're not fooling me.
I know you're just doing this
for attention.
(sniffles)
You got five minutes
to stop screwing around
or I'm gone.
Please.
Come on. Brooke.
(rain pattering)
♪ foreboding music ♪
What--what happened?
Where...?
♪ foreboding music continues ♪
(dramatic sting)
(phone ringing)
This is Doctor Morrissey.
What can I do for you.
Miss Braun?
I was just calling in
to check on a friend. Brooke.
How is she?
Dr. Morrissey (O.S.):
I'm sorry. Ally.
She is in a coma.
She is?
My question for you
is how are you?
Did your medical team
confirm my findings?
I never heard back
from your parents.
Ally: I don't know.
What do you mean?
They didn't tell you?
Could you say that again?
(speaking in Russian)
When were you planning
on telling me
I don't have lupus?
-I have to call you back.
-Baby. you okay?
Honey. what happened?
What's going on?
The doctor from the hospital
said I was misdiagnosed.
-Relax. honey. take a breath.
-He should not have called you.
I called him.
You knew this
and you didn't tell me?
Ally. honey.
when he made the observation.
we were confused and excited.
We didn't wanna tell you
until we were absolutely sure
that he was right.
Your father sent your charts
to five specialists
at four universities
and a specialty clinic.
And?
Doctor Morrissey meant well.
But he's very young.
he's inexperienced--
Arrogant and way out
of his league.
He sounded pretty damn sure.
Well. he wanted
to be your hero.
and I can't fault him for that.
Your mother and I have been
trying to do the same thing
for the better part
of ten years.
Ally. honey. I know
that we should have told you.
but I just--I didn't wanna
see you hurt again
by giving you false hope.
(footsteps receding)
(door slams)
Georgia: All we want
is to make you happy.
Okay?
It's okay.
Jeff: All the reports
from every specialist
that ever treated you.
It's all their findings
and recommendations.
I don't need to see it.
I disagree.
I couldn't live with myself
if I let you get misdiagnosed
on my watch.
(sniffles)
Let's go through everything.
I want you to be up to date
and completely sure.
And if you feel the need
to consult
with any of them personally.
go ahead.
Dad. just go.
Okay?
I overreacted.
Sorry I came in so hot.
Brooke. can you squeeze
my hand now for me?
They keep her sick
because she's the face
of their whole fake charity.
All those donations
must go straight back
into their pockets.
and then they get kickbacks
from the so-called specialists.
Billionaire bloodsuckers.
Robbie. you'll be pleased
to know that the Brauns
have offered to pay
for Brooke's recovery.
Man. something is just
not right about these people.
Get some rest. bud.
We're doing everything
we can for her.
Okay. wait. I think
I actually figured it out.
What if they are a part
of the Illuminati?
(keyboard clacking)
♪ mysterious music ♪
Evan.
You're still here?
It's 2 a.m.
I know. I'm going.
(car beeps)
(distant car engine starts)
(car door thumps)
(loud thud)
Christ. Great.
Just great.
(over phone) We can have
someone there to help you
in about two hours. sir.
-Seriously?
-(over phone) Sorry. sir.
We're having a really
busy night.
(car door thumps)
(gear squeaking)
Come on. come on.
(car door thumps)
Driver: Having some
trouble there. friend?
Yeah. I got a stupid flat tire
and don't know what I'm doing.
Well. let me give you a hand.
Thank you.
You're officially
my lifesaver.
(grunts)
(skull cracks)
(metal clanks)
♪ foreboding music ♪
(car door thumps)
(insects chirping)
Georgia (O.S.):
Good night. honey.
Sleep tight.
(door closes)
(spitting)
(toilet flushes)
♪ soft. suspenseful music ♪
♪ soft. suspenseful music
continues ♪
(door latch clicks)
(door thumps)
Where did she go?
(over phone) I think I got
something down by the gate.
(gasps)
(cellphone thuds)
(blender whirring)
Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah.
Hey. Slow down. sport.
We're not in danger
of running out
of vegan breakfast burritos.
okay?
Can I have another. Margita?
These are amazing.
Okay.
Honey. don't tax your system.
Did you take your pills today?
Mm-hm.
(water gurgling)
♪ unsettling music ♪
You're looking good tonight.
Ally.
I see a lot of color
in your face.
Got some sun today by the pool.
You know UV rays
cause your rashes to flare up.
I mean. are you trying
to damage your cells.
trigger another
immune system shutdown?
-Ally: No. Mom--
-Do you wanna add kidney failure
to your long list of ailments?
Okay.
I'll make sure to take it easy
and stay inside tomorrow.
Good.
(toilet flushing)
(spits)
-(spits)
-(dramatic sting)
(vomiting)
Brooke (O.S.): Ally? Ally!
Ally. wake up!
Wake up!
Ally. please.
I need you to wake up. Ally.
Robbie.
(Robbie snoring)
Where-- where's Ally?
(snorts) What?
Where's Ally?
Where is she?
Uh. I don't know.
♪ soft. unsettling music ♪
Georgia (O.S.):
What's the matter. baby?
You're not hungry?
I can make you something else.
This is fine.
Thank you.
♪ soft. unsettling music ♪
(coughing. vomits)
(toilet flushing)
(over phone) Your call cannot
be completed as dialed.
Please hang up
and try your call--
(keyboard clacking)
New WiFi password?
♪ soft. unsettling music ♪
Georgia: We have been waiting
for you for so long.
and all we wanna do
is make you comfortable
and happy.
Okay?
Jeff: Ally. we need you
to know we'll always be here
no matter what.
Where did that door come from?
Crap. It says her
phone's out of service.
Or she changed her number
to avoid your stalker ass.
You gonna finish
that juice box?
Dude.
I need to get out of here.
No doubt.
Can't even imagine
your medical bill.
Forget college.
You'll be paying off
this little coma vacay
till you're 60.
-(slurps)
-I'm serious.
Ally's in trouble.
Please help me out here.
♪ soft piano music ♪
Is everything okay. sweetheart?
You barely touched your dinner.
I'm still not feeling so good.
I think I'm gonna hit
the sack early.
Probably wise.
♪ soft piano music ♪
(toilet flushing)
♪ soft. tense music ♪
(door latch clicks)
(soft footsteps)
♪ soft. tense music ♪
(door hinges creak)
Ally: Ugh. It was right here.
♪ soft. tense music ♪
(button beeps)
(door whirring. opens)
♪ dramatic music ♪
Mm. my birthday.
(button beeping)
(long beeping)
Anniversary.
(button beeping)
(long beeping)
(video static)
(button beeping)
(security keypad beeps)
♪ soft. suspenseful music ♪
(distant clanks. whirs)
♪ rhythmic suspenseful music ♪
(dramatic sting)
(gasps)
♪ ominous music ♪
(clanks)
♪ dramatic. tense music ♪
(screams)
I think that's our Uber
over there.
(dramatic sting)
That's my blood in your veins.
isn't it?
You're both monsters.
Once you're a little
less emotional.
you will recognize we're
actually pretty awesome parents.
But you. Ally.
you are one in a million.
One in 220.000.000.
That is how precious
your blood is.
We only charge 200K a pint.
You're good.
You lied to me all these years.
You do have drug-induced lupus.
Why would you do that to me?
Honey.
with your blood phenotype.
the chance of you developing
an autoimmune disorder
is better than 50-50 absent
any treatment.
We put you on antibiotics
to keep you compliant.
Let me the fuck out of here!
Hey. hey.
The things you can do...
the people whose lives
you've already changed...
You're a goddamn miracle.
We just wanna share that
with the world.
How old do you think I am?
I don't care.
Fifty-seven.
I'm 63.
And it's not
from healthy eating
or clean living or Botox.
It's all because
of your golden blood.
Don't touch me.
Should give her a sedative.
I'm so stupid.
I thought you were
trying to cure me.
Ally. honey.
you are the cure.
(insects chirping)
(distant car revving)
(waves splashing)
Thanks. man.
Have a good one.
I know we're not scaling
that fence.
Nonsense.
While you were in a coma.
I trained to become
a level-10 parkour master.
There's only two guards.
Only two?
There's gotta be
another way inside.
You wait here.
This might take a while.
(blows raspberry)
All those poor people
you pretended to care for.
it was bullshit!
We are helping some people.
We can't save everyone.
But we can save
the people who matter.
(groaning)
Jeff: Ally!
Ally! Get back here!
Ally!
♪ rhythmic suspenseful music ♪
(waves splashing)
♪ soft. foreboding music ♪
(footsteps approaching)
Ally! You okay?
What are you doing out here?
Help me.
Please.
Jeff (O.S.):
She's gotta be down here.
Where's she gonna go?
Over here. guys.
Come on. Quick.
Security Guard 2: Clear.
She's not here.
Jeff: She's down here.
Search the beach.
Here they come.
Stay down.
Okay. I think they're gone.
Jeff: Try the North Side.
Ally!
Check the rocks.
Brooke: Where'd you get
all this new energy?
So I'm thinking we take
one of my parents' cars?
With your folks' contacts.
I doubt you'll get very far.
We should call the cops
or the press.
They own both.
Plus. there's no time.
We need to handle
this here and now.
So your blood
is a fountain of youth?
They've been storing it
under the gym for a decade.
The whole bullshit business
is built on selling pints
to billionaires.
Like Paul Rudd.
I hate the idea
that they're gonna live long.
happy lives.
all thanks to me.
Let's make sure
that doesn't happen.
Robbie. hold down the fort.
(door buzzes. whirs)
(button beeping)
(security pad beeps)
Brooke: We gotta hurry.
They don't know where we are.
♪ unsettling music ♪
(dramatic sting)
♪ ominous music ♪
(wet squelching)
♪ distant Russian
classical music ♪
Do you hear music?
♪ distant Russian
classical music ♪
Look over here.
(voice on laptop)
You are the point 001%.
I've seen this before.
This is the--
That's the island.
Elysium.
Maybe we should just
get out of here.
(distant thud)
Where did that come from?
I don't know.
Come on.
Let's go.
What the fuck is that?
(dramatic sting)
♪ foreboding music ♪
Don't move.
(speaking in Russian)
Oh my god.
We don't want anything.
We're just--
(speaking in Russian)
Allison.
He knows your name.
(speaking in Russian)
What's he saying?
You must have picked up
some Russian.
(speaking in Russian)
I got evil and scientist.
-Uh-huh. That checks out.
-Yep.
Go. Go. Go.
Security Guard 2 (over phone):
I'm in the house.
Jeff:
Go. Meet me in the tunnels.
Come on. Pick up.
(phone ringing)
Pick up.
Security guard 1 (O.S.):
Sir. we're in.
I'll take that.
What the hell is that?
I think...
that's me.
(dramatic sting)
Brooke: This is how they're
gonna change the world.
They're fucking franchising me.
(speaking in Russian)
(grunting)
(grunts)
(speaking in Russian)
(loud thudding)
(water pouring)
♪ foreboding music ♪
(speaking in Russian)
(screams)
(Dr. Volker panting)
(Dr. Volker sobs)
(wrench clanks)
(Dr. Volker speaking in Russian)
(shouts in Russian)
-Gotcha.
-Stay back!
Put that down.
Ally. or so help me...
Fuck you.
You're a monster.
-Let her go.
-Honey. honey. honey.
Take it easy.
You're acting crazy.
We're crazy?!
We just offed your backup Ally.
That was a serious mistake.
I will cut my own throat
before I go back
to being whatever
the hell I was.
Jeff (O.S.): Okay.
You made your point.
Ten minutes.
That's all that I ask.
You can hold on to your knife.
I just wanna talk.
Georgia (O.S.):
I'll take Brooke upstairs.
It's okay.
Georgia (O.S.): You can go.
I'll watch them.
(phone keys beep. phone trills)
Security Guard 2 (over phone):
Ma'am?
-Have the jet ready on standby.
- Understood.
Oh. and I'll need
to dispose of some trash
before we take off.
We'll be ready.
(whispers) How'd it go?
Okay. I guess.
Messed up the evil doctor...
destroyed some clones.
What?
I actually never wanted
to be a father.
I didn't think I'd do
a very good job at it.
Yeah. and you were right.
And at the ripe old age of 53.
there I was.
reading you bedtime stories...
teaching you
how to tie your shoes...
♪ piano somber music ♪
Ally...
you've brought me more joy
than you could ever imagine.
I've never cared about someone
as much as I care about you.
Come here.
Stop it. God--!
You really are insane.
Ally. stop it.
No. No.
Do not do that.
Come here.
I am your father.
Give your dad a hug.
I'm not your daughter.
-Stop.
-Get off me.
-Stop it. Stop.
-Leave me alone.
-Jeff: Come here.
-Ally: Stop it.
Stop. I love you.
Please stop!
Ally: Get off me. (strains)
(grunting)
(breathing heavily)
Jeff.
(footfalls receding)
(mouths) What the fuck.
-(grunts)
-(knife clanks)
(grunts. coughing)
God. Dad. I didn't mean to--
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm sorry.
I'll go get help.
No.
Stay here with me.
I'm sorry.
Dad? Dad?!
(sobs) Daddy!
Georgia: Jeff!
What did you do?
What did you do?!
There's a pulse.
Ally. help--help your dad.
Help him.
He needs you.
Sorry. Blood bank's closed.
♪ foreboding music ♪
Ally.
Ally. listen to me.
Don't you dare
walk away from me.
(water splashes)
(gasping for air)
(water splashing)
(overlapping grunting)
♪ suspenseful music ♪
(straining)
(screams)
(dramatic sting)
(straining)
♪ suspenseful music continues ♪
(water gurgles)
(Ally straining)
(dramatic sting)
(water splashes)
(panting)
Fuck her and my limitations.
Ah!
(overlapping grunting)
(knife slashes)
(gasping for air. grunting)
(knife clanks)
(water dripping)
(footsteps)
As the Brauns' sole heir.
you two work for me now.
Now go clean the fucking pool.
♪ unsettling music ♪
(muffled upbeat music
and laughter)
Seems like yesterday
my loving parents
ascended to the heavens
after that tragic
yachting accident.
They may be gone.
but their spirit continues
to inspire me every day.
Soon. the lush island of Elysium
will be the home
to the greatest youth
medical facility on earth.
welcoming all children.
no matter their
financial status or illness.
Braunnovations 2.0's advances
in the medical field
have already made great strides
in curing cancer. diabetes--
Lupus.
All thanks to this beautiful
woman's blood. sweat. and tears.
At least one of those things.
Security Guard 1:
Excuse me. Ms. Braun.
You have a call.
Thank you.
Hello. this is Allison.
♪ unnerving music ♪
Hey Al. it's Rob.
I'm at the site.
Breathtaking.
It's patient zero.
What's going on?
Robbie (O.S.): Listen.
when we opened the silo.
we found something.
I don't know how to--
it's a complication.
Robbie. are we talking
a little hiccup
or something more substantial?
I'd say it's pretty
darn substantial.
(dramatic thud)
♪ ominous music ♪
("She's Like a Shot"
by Cop Shoot Cop)
♪ She must have opened me up ♪
♪ And messed with something
inside my skull ♪
♪ Tell me now.
what did you find ♪
♪ Inside that desolate hole? ♪
♪ Crouched with my head
in my hands ♪
♪ Shake to the sound
of a car alarm ♪
♪ I want it understood ♪
♪ I'm trying to be good ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot in the arm ♪
♪ Guess every vice
has its price ♪
♪ You don't get by on your charm
for long ♪
♪ I think I've seen the light ♪
♪ I sing a different song ♪
♪ A hundred pictures of shame ♪
♪ Busted shards all
around the car ♪
♪ Yeah. when I'm all messed up ♪
♪ When I feel like giving up ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot in the arm ♪
♪ She found the hole
in my heart ♪
♪ She found the crack
in my wall ♪
♪ Crawled in through a hole
in my heart ♪
♪ She busted me out
of that head ♪
♪ She found the hole
in my heart ♪
♪ She found the crack
in my wall ♪
♪ Crawled in through a hole
in my heart ♪
♪ She busted me out
of that head ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot
in the arm ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot in the arm ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot in the arm ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot in the arm ♪
♪ She ♪
♪ She's like ♪
♪ She's like a shot ♪
♪ She's like a shot in the arm ♪
♪♪♪
♪ dramatic music ♪